DOCSP-43820 Add indexes FAQ entry (#48)
mongodb/docs-entity-framework: source/faq.txt

- Intelligent object tracking
- Entity-based LINQ operations
- Entity Framework modeling and mapping with the fluent API
- Automatic database updates through change tracking

How Can I Manage Indexes with the {+provider-short+}?
-----------------------------------------------------

Because the {+provider-short+} is built on top of the {+csharp-driver-short+},
you can manage indexes in your application by using the {+csharp-driver-short+}
directly. To use driver methods in your {+provider-short+}

> application, call them by using the ``MongoClient`` used to set up your

Reviewer: S: since you repeat use/using a few times:
```suggestion
application, call them on the ``MongoClient`` used to set up your
```

``DbContext``.

> The following example creates indexes on a collection by using

Reviewer: S: not necessary, but you specify the sample_mflix.movies collection so you can include that here
```suggestion
The following example creates indexes on the `movies` collection by using
```

{+csharp-driver-short+} methods:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/code-examples/faq.cs
   :language: csharp
   :start-after: start-create-index
   :end-before: end-create-index

> To learn more about creating indexes with the driver, see the

Reviewer: S: to avoid "with":
```suggestion
To learn more about creating indexes with by using the driver, see the
```

- Intelligent object tracking
- Entity-based LINQ operations
- Entity Framework modeling and mapping with the fluent API
- Automatic database updates through change tracking

How Can I Manage Indexes with the {+provider-short+}?
-----------------------------------------------------

You can create indexes with the {+provider-short+} by calling the ``HasIndex()``
method in the ``OnModelCreating()`` method of your ``DbContext`` class. To learn
more about how to create indexes with the {+provider-short+}, see the

> :ref:`Indexes <entity-framework-indexes>` guide.

Author: This link will work once the page is merged into master

Reviewer 2: LGTM
